# Apple's Privacy Nutrition Labels to Protect Personal Data Privacy
In 2020, Apple began to ask apps to provide information regarding what personal data are being collected from their users and how the data collected would be used. Apps will be required to provide such information in the App Store just like "nutrition labels", which can be easily read and understood by users. Two articles have discussed this change made by Apple, and the two authors have different views on the efficiency and accuracy of the Privacy Nutrition Labels in protecting user data privacy.

## Article 1 from _Computerworld_
In the article [Apple's Privacy Nutrition Labels, available now and good for business](https://www.computerworld.com/article/3600998/apples-privacy-nutrition-labels-available-now-and-good-for-business.html), Jonny Evans explains why he thinks the new Privacy Nutrition Labels for apps in the App Store are useful and can help ensure users' data privacy. Evans believes that this change would make the app developers consider user data privacy more because the users may choose not to use their apps if the Privacy Nutrition Labels show that they collect a lot of personal data. With the Privacy Nutrition Labels, the users, including individuals and enterprises, will be able to decide whether to install an app according to the information provided by its Privacy Nutrition Label.

Indeed, data privacy has become an issue under the fast development of the internet and technologies. Fortunately, with the Privacy Nutrition Labels, people would have a fast, convenient, and clear way to know about what data about them are being collected and used. This change would make both the app developers and the users become more aware of the importance of personal data privacy. In addition, the users would also feel safer when using the apps because they know exactly what data are being collected.

## Article 2 from _The Washington Post_
In the article [I checked Apple’s new privacy ‘nutrition labels.’ Many were false.](https://www.washingtonpost.com/technology/2021/01/29/apple-privacy-nutrition-label/), Geoffrey A. Fowler expresses concern over the accuracy and usefulness of the Privacy Nutrition Labels. Fowler tested some apps whose privacy labels indicate that they collect no data from the users, and he found that actually the apps were still collecting and sending some data. Thus, he concludes that many labels of the apps are inaccurate. What's more, he thinks that people would have to spend even more time and effort reading the additional Privacy Nutrition Labels while still not getting accurate information about what personal data are being collected.

Admittedly, if the Privacy Nutrition Labels are inaccurate, then reading them before downloading apps would just be a waste of time for users and would not be helpful at all. But I think they would become very helpful if Apple could set further regulations or policies to ensure the accuracy of the privacy labels, since they could provide users with important information regarding their personal data privacy. If the privacy labels could be made more accurate in the future, then users could choose from the apps that they trust most and use the apps without worrying about their personal data privacy.

In conclusion, Evans in the first article believes that Apple's Privacy Nutrition Labels would be highly effective in protecting user data privacy, but Fowler in the second article points out that many apps now have inaccurate labels, which make them not helpful at all. From my perspective, if the privacy labels could be made more accurate, then they would be very helpful for users when the users are deciding which apps to use. Furthermore, people would also become more conscious about the fact that many of their personal data are being collected and used when they are using their phones, computers, and the internet. Being aware of the issue of data privacy is also important in protecting personal data privacy.